# A distributed Java application that uses the Java TCP API to implement a medical diagnosis record system

This solution should utilize Serialization and Threads to make the server more efficient in handling client requests.

On the client side, there will be a graphical interface for the doctor to identify the symptoms reported by their patients. For the sake of simplification, each patient may report up to 10 symptoms (S0, S1, S2, ..., S9). The set of these symptoms, along with the diagnosis provided by the doctor (D1, D2, ..., D5), will be sent to the server. Example 1: S3, S8, S9, and D4. Example 2: S2, S3, S6, S7, S9, and D3.

The server will be responsible for storing them in an ArrayList. The server may also be requested to present all cases stored by identified disease (D1, D2, D3, etc.).

It will also take care of performing automatic diagnosis upon request through a Weightless Artificial Neural Network (WiSARD) trained.

In the graphical interface on the client side, there should be three radio buttons with the options: training/evaluation/production.

When the training phase is active, all cases presented to the Weightless Artificial Neural Network (on the server side) will serve for the network's learning phase.

When the evaluation phase is active, all presented cases will serve exclusively for testing the network, generating evaluation metrics.

When the production phase is active, the client can request automatic diagnosis from the network.

In this case, the doctor informs the symptoms detected in the patient but does not provide the diagnosis. Then, they click the button for automatic diagnosis generation. The data is sent to the server, which forwards it to the neural network. The result generated by the neural network will be returned to the doctor on the client side
